Docs: specify XML document name in xml.etree.elementtree example (#24223)
python/cpython: Doc/library/xml.etree.elementtree.rst

Parsing XML
^^^^^^^^^^^

> We'll be using the following ``countrydata`` XML document as the sample data for this section:

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
We'll be using the fictive :file:`country_data.xml` XML document as the sample data for this section:
```

Author: Sure, that'd be fine too. Do you want to add it or would you prefer if I did?
